Their bodies give off a sweet and spicy aroma that can attract any Pokemon. Their spices are often harvested by chefs.
Their footprints always leave behind a lot of sweet spices. Inhaling their scents is known to calm the nerves.
Majority of their bodies are made of sweet spice, so chefs always chase after these Pokemon. Inhaling their minty aroma makes one feel extremely calm.
They absorb sunlight by staring at the sun. Their frills are hot to the touch and extend as blades.
They are able to see opponents' heat signatures in order to attack in the right direction. They absorb sunlight in their tails and frills.
When their frills are full of energy, they smoke and flash, signalling that they are ready to attack Their breath is hot enough to evaporate one's body fluids.
They always have a serious attitude, no matter what is going on. They sometimes walk straight into oceans without stopping and stand at the bottom in order to compose themselves.
These Pokemon are known for their confident and serious natures. Their saliva, sweat, bubbles, and spikes are full of toxins, so touching these Pokemon will cause you to get sick.
Their saliva is highly corrosive. They live in swamps in large groups. The one with the largest crown is considered the leader.
These Pokemon can sense danger from over 20 miles away, so they take the initiative to get away as fast as possible. They have very bad nerves, leading them to be scared very easily.
They have very quick reflexes, making them difficult to sneak up on. They glide on hard winds in order to get a large distance away from danger.
If its tail is wilted, it is a sign that it is very sick. When it hears music, it can't help but dance and play.
If the oxygen in the air is contaminated, it grows angry. They act as mother figures to other Grass-type Pokemon.
If they see the habitat in which they live damaged in any way, they will either hunt down the culprit or try to come up with a solution. They ensnare their opponents and prey in sharp, thorny vines to keep them from escaping, allowing them to do as they please.
They use their coiled tails to communicate each other. They are able to sense when someone is sick and close to death, so they go to that location to watch.
These Pokemon always appear next to those who are about to die. Its dark black fur is said to hold the spirits of those who die under its watch.
Their lower bodies give off a pungent odor when they are scared or stressed. They can't fly for long because their wings are still a bit underdeveloped.
These Pokemon cannot fly that well, as they have a serious lack of coordination. They help each other catch prey by releasing a horrible stench that drives prey out of their homes.
These Pokemon emit an odor so pungent that they can curl noses from over 100 miles away. In a group, the one with the worst stench is considered the leader.
By biting into the trunk of a tree, Maluspic can cause delectable fruits to grow in a matter of minutes. The sap that it produces is very tasty and often used as glaze for a variety of desserts.
They find and attach sediment to their shells in order to further protect their fragile bodies. Rare minerals are often found embedded in their carapaces, leading treasure hunters to catch them and remove their carapaces by force.
Their extremely strong bodies can crush a tank with one tackle. Almost every season, they switch their minerals out for new ones in order to make themselves feel more comfortable.
To protect themselves from harm, they spit out a red, burning sap. The most unimpressive and strangest Dragon-type Pokemon, its type is often debated and questioned by professors.
The sap that they produce can cause permanent blindness if it gets on any part of the face. They are exceptionally large Pokemon that can destroy entire cities just by slithering through one.
Imported from another region, Comiwi spend majority of their time drinking nectar from different flowers. Their tail feathers look similar to one of their favorite flowers to drink from, so they often end up trying to drink from each other's tails. Due to their vivid colors, they are unable to blend into the environment, making them easy to find and capture.
Its yellow plumes have a sweet scent and taste like honey, which lures prey towards it easily. These Pokémon were once thought to be extinct for decades, but a few specimens were found and placed in captivity in hopes of repopulating the species. The species has been blossoming ever since.
When embedded into trees, they are often mistaken as fruits by bird Pokémon. They have two defense mechanisms to protect themselves: they produce a  slimy, bitter film that makes them inedible, and they produce electricity in their bodies thanks to a small organ. They were once used as darts during old wars thanks to their ability to paralyze and poison at the same time. They could take down a Crinovor in mere seconds.
Its main method of attacking is plucking one of its needle-like hairs from its head, coating it in its toxic saliva, and spitting it towards its opponent. The projectile could take down a Tantyra. It absorbs sunlight into its black body, which it then converts to electricity. It could unleash up to 10,000 volts at a single time.
It produces a sweet and gooey substance from its body that allows it to lure and trap prey. Its body always gives off an extremely pleasant aroma. If it smells something sweet, no matter the distance, it will follow the smell in order to eat whatever it is. On hot days, they will often be observed licking the goo off of each other.
Their bodies give the illusion of them being crawling heads. The extra eyes on their bodies see through evasion attempts such as SmokeScreen.
Their backsides can cause opponents to see them as a completely different Pokemon. They are able to see through illusions and tricks and head for their opponents immediately while in battle.
The fungus on this Pokemon's body was believed to be its food source. They spread spores whenever they ran.
The large mushroom on its back acted as a cover during storms. They ate rotten leaves and berries.
It is believed that this Pokemon actually enjoyed electricity and the current that went through it. They could not glide anywhere without falling at least twice or thrice.
These Pokemon, despite their typing, loved electricity and were practically immune. They always flew into thunderstorms to absorb electricity, no matter how severe they were.
It is so cold that touching any part of its body burns you. When the bubble on its body bursts, an extremely frigid gas fills the air around it.
The icy growths on their backs absorb heat, giving the appearance of a rainbow. They are able to completely change a human or Pokemon's color.
They convert the nutrients that they absorb from the ground into power in order to fire balls of electricity. To move, they hop around while leaving electrical charges.
They fire electric cannonballs from their arms when threatened. They enjoy eating dry rocks and stones.
The six heads work together to propel their body into the air by increasing the heat inside. By adding more Triggroup, this Pokemon can extend its body more and more.
They find deceased insect corpses and use them as a suit to survive underwater. They control the suit's limbs professionally, being able to initiate numerous attacks in a small amount of time.
This Pokemon came to life after a mischievous spirit possessed an old, cracked bell. These Pokemon silently follow those who unknowingly pass by them, their life force slowly draining as they continue walking. Once a victim has died, it will eerily let out a bell tone.
Discovered underground in a desert over 100 years ago, this Pokemon's existence is an enigma. The hand-like appendages on its body seem to always remain in a stiff position, but it has been proven that they actually do move in order to enhance its power.
They only attack with smoke when they are born. Eating flowers allows their internal flames to burn harsher.
They are almost always seen with Kawan by their side. Their horns are able to heat up and release high temperature flames when they sense that their young are in danger.
These Pokemon are very aggressive towards negative influences and will do anything in their power to eliminate them. They travel in groups of five to gather food for Flagaza and Kawan.
They hide their paws in their fur and bounce and roll to get to places quickly. Their fur contains a large amount of snow particles and shaking furiously can cause blizzards.
They produce air that is as low as -147 degrees. By whipping their fur around rapidly, they can cause massive snowstorms.
Despite their extremely low Iq, they are very strong. If under enough pressure, it is able to blast opponents over 200 ft away.
They are able to unleash a large wave of psychic energy capable of demolishing a tank. Highly intelligent Pokémon, their IQs are often compared to that of geniuses.
They lie at the bottom of small ponds and lakes absorbing light that shines down. Thanks to a special organ in their bodies, they're able to remain hydrated and moist no matter what environment they're in.
They absorb sunlight through their feelers in order to strengthen themselves. Roshima dwell in dens near lakes and ponds. Their bodies never dry out.
When in flight, their wings rotate quickly, producing an irritating buzzing sound. They travel in groups of ten or more.
Keeping part of its body underground keeps it from getting shocked by its own Electric-type moves. They shoot up from the burrows they dig when their opponents get close.
They are able to drain an entire skyscraper of their power supply by just placing their tails into outlets. They coil their bodies around their prey and electrocute them until they are unconscious.
They use their ghostly arms to attack those who get to close to them. Their glare is able to paralyze anyone in place for up to two months.
These Pokemon are very blunt and aggressive, grabbing prey tight and wringing out their bodily fluids out before devouring them. If you upset one, it will curse you for an entire month without remorse.
These Pokemon disappear to evade attack before using their four arms to disable opponents and drain them of their life energy and bodily fluids. There was a case of a young man who angered this Pokemon, so it placed a curse on him that lasted until he died at age 112.
It is said to have come to be when a wayward spirit possessed an umbrella. They often appear when it is raining, hovering above people in a guise of helping to shield them from the rain. The truth is that they are slowly draining away their life energy.
To disorientate their prey and opponents, they release smoke from their nostrils. If the smoke surrounding its eyes begin to dissipate, it means that it is close to evolving.
Rialaze are able to form clouds of thick, black smoke in order to hide themselves while in battle. In some areas, it is common to use the bumps on Rialaze's back to grill food.
This Pokemon strictly rolls around to get to all of its locations, leaving lines in all terrain it passes through. Their bones and scales are made of a strong, heat resistant steel alloy.
When threatened, they roll into spiky balls and roll towards targets at high speeds. Their bodies are able to resist over 450,000 degree heat for a certain amount of time.
These Pokemon have four eyes in total, two on top of its head to scout out passing prey, and two on its front to see forward. When prey gets close, they unleash a controlled 10,000 volts to it.
These Pokemon are often found deep in abandoned caves, strengthening themselves by whipping each other. They slink on the ceilings of caves and fire spikes from their shell towards the targets below.
This Pokemon is highly praised in certain cities for pushing an heir, who was lost at sea, back to safety. The bubbles on their bodies inflate and deflate when they are exhausted.
Chydusela has been around for millions of years, making it one of the oldest known that never went extinct. Throughout history, this Pokémon has been praised for its work in saving the lives of those lost at sea.
Chuter glide across fields and meadows using their leaf-like frills. Popular with small children, these Pokémon enjoy playing games and hardly ever get tired.
By constantly flying, they kept their blood pressure at a neutral level. If they are unable to fly for a prolonged period of time, they grow extremely depressed.
The fins on its head are made of keratin. They allow Mullurk to sense others' body heat. These Pokemon are the most common ones found in all of Ocramia, as they are able to survive in all types of water.
It is said to appear before those who lack confidence. After being enveloped in the light from its nose and tail, the person begins to feel a bit happier. It generates energy and disperses it through its nose and tail as light; those effected by this light feel a cooling sensation and get more pep in their step.
Said to be a symbol of self-worth and confidence, this Pokemon appears in numerous legends. It emits radiant light that fills humans and Pokemon with immense determination and confidence.
According to legends, it created every body of water by playing a different melodious tune on the conch it carries. Deoshian is known as the "Keeper of the Sea" due to its dedication to keeping all bodies of water clean and protecting those who require it.
It is known as the 'Keeper of the Land', as it is speculated that it covered the land with lush plants and foliage to keep it from being barren. It is said to have the ability to create new landmasses when it has enough focus and energy.
The flowers that grow on its branch keep it in a peaceful slumber and amplify its power. If the flowers ever wilt or fall off, it has nightmares, which causes it to become extremely weak. Zezizy can put any human or Pokemon in a deep slumber and manipulate their dreams.
