Its tail absorbs sunlight, turning it into both food and electricity for its body. The electricity in its blood causes its grass to stand on end, like spikes.
The spots on its body glow as a result of the electricity in its bloodstream. When it is storming outside, this Pokemon will find the highest point it can find and raise its tail in order to absorb the lightning.
These Pokemon glide into thunderstorms in order to absorb electricity via both its tail and the horn on its head. Its blood is now completely electrified and can be seen through its body as a light.
They are extremely playful Pokemon who take interest in even the smallest of things. Smoke comes out of its horns when it is scared or upset.
These Pokemon always mean business when it comes to battling. It is able to make an entire lake evaporate by releasing smoke from its horns.
To help itself power up, it dries up entire environments so that its opponents feel dreary and hot. It staff releases fire when it senses an environment that is too moist.
Their arm movements are extremely quick and strong, especially when its raining. Despite it having small legs, it is still able to travel on them at high speeds and strike hard at its opponent.
They have a very high speed rate, as they can give over 100 blows within seconds. It has four back legs, but when moving at high speeds, it retracts two of them so that they won't disrupt its momentum.
A strike from this Pokemon's arms can collapse a building. It moves so fast and strikes so hard that it is not even seen when in battle, you only see the other Pokemon faint.

Gekalore are said to reside in a secret forest where it is mostly peaceful. They headbutt opponents with their tough antlers before finishing them off with a barrage of kicks.
These Pokemon are almost always seen with wet mud covering their fur. They have a strong sense of smell that allows them to find the nearest mud puddle.
They roll around in mud puddles in order to absorb the dirt and water into its body. Their fur is naturally absorbent, so it can store up to 30 gallons of water in its fur at a time.
Muddy water constantly drips off of their fur, making a mess wherever they go. When their hair is trimmed, they get extremely depressed and weak.
These Pokemon float around absorbing dust particles into their body. It is able to move its face around its body with ease, making it able to look in all directions to avoid certain danger.
They hop around and fly, leaving dust particles wherever they go. They move their faces wherever  they want on their body
These Pokemon devour trash at a fast pace before leaving a horrible stench behind. Their sharp teeth can shred through dumpsters.
Their large mouths are able to fit 300 pounds of trash. Their jaws are strong enough to crush garbage trucks.
Their chest patterns are known to faintly glow when they change directions. They have a very acute sense of direction and can easily navigate through the toughest of areas without needing an overhead view.
These Pokemon are quick to fight when they see a formidable opponent. The amount of scars on their body represent their age, as older ones are known to be much more violent.
These Pokemon spend most of their time in frigid water, but can also fly on occasion. Their feathers are glossy, allowing them to move quickly across ice and through hailstorms.
These Pokemon are very wise and one of the only ones that can actually communicate with humans. They have calm natures and will not fight unless threatened.
Very territorial and violent, these Pokemon attack whatever they see entering their territory. The spikes hidden in its wings deliver extra damage when it hits a target.
They lay at the bottom of ponds and lakes, eating the grime and dirt at the bottom. They communicate with each other by clicking their tails.
From behind, it looks like it has a second head, deterring would-be predators. They are often seen carrying Nymphlow to different ponds as they prepare to evolve.
Created by a lonely scientist, this Pokemon was programmed to be an obedient companion, but it malfunctioned... They cause problems and trouble for any trainer and other Pokemon, especially when in large cities.
These Pokemon blast other Pokemon and buildings with different beams based on how it is feeling. They can launch their hands and head away from their main body to terrorize civilians.
They follow the orders of Musneak and try their hardest to impress it. They emit a poisonous gas from their fur that can stop up the noses of those who inhale it.
These Pokemon can release a powerful, musky odor from their wrists in order to immobilize their opponents. They usually follow Musneak's command, pummeling any Pokemon that causes problems for them.
These Pokemon are hardly ever trustworthy unless they are owned by a trainer. One Musneak can command a single Muskuff and up to twenty Wiskra to do whatever it says at any time.
It is said to have arisen from a discarded bottle that was possessed by an evil spirit. If someone grabs its body, it will immediately grab onto its holder's arm and steal their soul.
They are usually seen training either themselves or other Pokemon near the water. It is able to predict its opponents' next move and counter it.
Dahlla often relax themselves by soaking in tepid water. The orbs on its back are able to give wisdom to anyone that touches them.
These Pokemon are often owned by people from royal families. They enjoy riding on the heads of their trainers.
The three beans communicate with each other via telepathy, as they work better when all three are present. They are known to collect leaves and vines in order to create barriers to protect themselves.
The vine around its body is able to unravel itself and strike quickly. The leaves on their bodies, if ingested, can give someone luck for 72 hours.
They always keep themselves cloaked in order to keep their eyes from being seen. The magic tricks that they do always end up causing a negative effect.
Gazing into their eyes gives a sense of uneasiness that lasts a lifetime. Their tricks are very dangerous.
Their tricks always last a lifetime and cause nothing but pain. The orbs on its body contain most of its power.
If you ever hear any honks or squeaks around you at night, you must be on high alert, as it is a sign that a Honko is nearby. Feeding off of the fear it causes, it is able to remove its head and emit a gas that causes it to be seen as your worst nightmare.
To rejuvenate themselves, they inhale the water in which they live directly into their bodies through their nostrils. They sometimes fight over territory, using their long noses as spears.
These Pokemon can chomp through coral like butter. The blades on its body help it slice and dice their prey for easy digestion.
Lebantro has been said to lay a curse on those who speak its name. It is said that Lebantro's body is harboring two separate entities, one that controls its head and the other that controls its body.
It is said to represent the spirits of those who died alone. It craves solitude and silence. Anelo travels alone and avoids any and all contact with others. Even if it is in trouble, it would rather be attacked than receive any outside help.
It is said to represent the spirits of those who died with many friends and good memories. They always group together with others of its kind and travel to an unknown location for days at a time.
These Pokemon have inflatable paw pads that allow it to walk and run on water. It has the ability to cause small rainstorms that only last a day.
Aqueriol are often seen walking on the surface of lakes, freezing the liquid with every step. Only four of them are seen occupying a body of water at any given time.
Mentrap were said to be discovered in abandoned asylums. Scientists have theorized these Pokémon were once humans that exhibited extremely erratic behavior and managed to mutate, though the theory is inconclusive...
These Pokemon can contort their bodies in such disturbing ways that even professors try to avoid it. They are extremely psychotic and will act without thinking.
When approached by possible predators due to their muffin-shaped heads, Panecilli increase the weight of any and all creatures around them, giving them a chance to escape. Born of a flower, these Pokemon spend most of their time in fields.
Richreau are known to be treasure hoarders and will take anything of value to keep for itself. They are highly defensive about the treasure that they keep and will even go as far as to devour it in order to keep it from others.
The jewels and treasure adorning its body act as protective armor. These Pokemon are very valuable, as they are able to turn anything they want into treasure.
These Pokemon steal and guard anything of value with their lives. They are able to turn anything into gold, making them sought after by those who are greedy.
They take enjoyment in clamping onto the heads of humans and riding on their backs, giving them the appearance of a custom hoodie. They can suck up food from far away thanks to its large mouth.
These Pokemon are known for their tasty odor and their usage with chefs. Its wings are unable to help it fly, so instead it uses them to make foods mildly spicy.
Fuegold are usually caught and used by chefs to enhance the flavors of dishes. Their feathers can be used to create delicious spices and sauces.
These Pokemon could not fly at all, so instead they dug tunnels and walked from place to place. It is speculated that their poor decision making resulted in them going extinct very quickly.
They are usually found in groups under the guidance of Chillent. Their fur is unusually cold to the touch.
Very vindictive and cold, these Pokemon are fierce competitors when it comes to battling. It will almost always try to take the leadership role in a team and attempt to train its teammates until they run ragged.

Knochain are known to attach heavy items, such as stones, to their arms and legs in order to give themselves more of a challenge when fighting each other. Coffee made from their sweat is said to give someone enhanced strength for a limited amount of time.
These Pokemon practice their whip techniques on trees, often causing them to fall. They move very swiftly using their whip-like tails.
They practice their whipping techniques on each other. Their whips are able to strike through steel with ease.
It is constantly pursued by Delinkid, as they are enemies. They usually roam cities and towns in order to learn and later copy the customs of humans.
Its large yellow brain is now exposed due to Brutanor. The more it learns, the larger its brain grows.
It preys on Hueval regularly, having an intense rivalry with them. They remain fearless even when going up against Pokemon much larger than themselves.
Groups of them are often seen stalking Valexcel. Brutanor are showoffs, always trying to make themselves look great in battles, but often turn their tails once they are up against Pokemon much larger than them.
It is able to dislocate its joints in a grotesque fashion to scare those that enter its territory. It is able to see in the dark thanks to the orange filters covering its eyes.
Curious and playful, these graceful Pokemon spend most of their time jumping around and exploring the world around them Their curiosity sometimes gets them in dangerous situations in which Buckrown may have to save them.
They always have to help Bambabe when they wander into dangerous areas and get into situations that they can't handle. It is often described as the 'King of the Forest'.
It was discovered in a crater found in a field three centuries ago. The crystal shards in its body give off a strange aura.
They have to ability to travel to and fro from space without difficulty. The crystals adorning its body are often sought after, though they are easily protected due to its strength and durability.
Their bodies are extremely durable, making it unable for them to chip or feel any pain. The glowing orbs on its body are extremely valuable and are often used to make jewelry.
They stand still as a statue in caves if undisturbed. At night, they are sometimes seen marching in a straight line towards large mountains in a zombie-like trance.
They are able to punch straight through trees. They gather stones and rocks and pile them up before knocking them back down with an arm thrust.
These Pokemon grab hold of their opponents tight so that they can't escape before recklessly throwing and slamming them into whatever is around. They can toss trainers a distance of 200 kilometers with only one arm.
They usually reside alongside Shrubur in fields and gardens. Their fur is very rough and resilient, making it able to withstand even the harshest conditions.
The slippery film covering its body is great for plant growth. When on land, it is a bit sluggish and cannot easily get away from predators, but in the sea, it is very swift and is able to escape easier.
Their white fur helps them blend in with their snowy environments. They can create ice crystals and snowstorms by flicking their fur.
These Pokemon sometimes work alongside miners and construction workers. They dig elaborate tunnel systems to help them effectively complete a task.
They are sometimes seen charging into large boulders in order to strengthen their small horns. They are often hunted for the gems on their heads. Rhinaut rides are a common attraction in Ralis. They are very gentle and friendly towards children, but are very wary towards adults.
The armor on its body is as hard as diamonds. Not even the strongest blades can penetrate it. If the jewel in its chest is touched, Crinovor will go into a blind rage. It will rampage through cities and destroy forests until it gets tired.
It can fly at 250 miles per second. It is able to break the sound barrier with a single flap of its wings.
It can reach speeds of up to 900 mph. It races across the land to strengthen its body, mind, and spirit.
Typhoons occur as it speeds through the ocean at 500 mph. It is able to carry humans and Pokemon down to 50,000 ft below sea level without issue.
This Pokemon appears in legends; its mysterious powers are used to compel others to make moral choices. It appears before those who wish to have an honest world.
Its dark energy is able sway those wish to do harm upon others. Its intense power is often used for causing pain to others.
In legend, this Pokemon taught humans about the importance of value and confidence. It often appears when feuds between Naitizar and Anaitizor rear their ugly heads.
It is known to leave confectionery on the doorsteps or next to of those who have a good heart. They are able to create different sweets using its sweet tasting sweat.
When it takes flight, its wings scatter feathers that change colors. Its body disappears once in the sky and a rainbow strip appears in its place.
