Their leaves are edible and promote healthy growth. They use their root-like feet to drain nutrients from the soil.
Eating their leaves is said to cause severe indigestion. When they use their legs to absorb nutrients, they cause nearby plants to wilt.
By absorbing nutrients via its root-like legs, it can cause an entire garden to rot and wilt. Eating one of its leaves will cause you to vomit uncontrollably and have a burning sensation in your chest.
Its tail can ignite because of the friction from its smoke-like skin. Their flames have toxic ingredients inside of them that can cause harsh poisoning.
They can ignite the smoke stored in its underbelly, giving it a more intense appearance. All of their flames come out in a serpentine fashion and can actually cause poisoning.
They are able to ignite their entire underbellies and blast intense toxic flames from their tails and mouths. This Pokemon can cause one's entire body to combust from the inside out with a single bite.
These Pokemon are often found in small ponds and lakes playing with each other. Their whiskers allow them to sense approaching rainstorms.
These Pokemon are independent and only eat food that they get themselves. They train on their own and sometimes ignore their trainers.
With a heart of steel and an intimidating glare, these Pokemon do not tolerate any foolish behavior, whether it be from their trainers or teammates. Their fins can slice through boat hulls with one slice.
This Pokemon is very popular with little girls and women in general because of its cute appearance. They are very curious Pokemon and take pleasure in small things.
To give themselves distinguished looks, they fashion apparel that they see humans wear out of forest material. They are very protective towards Capygo.
These Pokemon love being alongside humans despite being in the wild for long periods of time. They have been known to have strange powers that even they don't know how to control.
These Pokemon are very knowledgeable and able to go to shops for their owners and buy items they need. They are very loyal and protective of their trainers.
Using mystical powers, they protect homes from intruders. They have the ability to share their powers with those who are in danger.
These Pokemon never stop moving from place to place unless they are completely exhausted or hungry. When in cities and towns, these Pokemon are usually seen alongside cars in the street.
It has to roll everywhere to get around, often rolling into different things while dizzy. They have the power to go straight through concrete blocks.
They allow people to ride on their backs in order to get from place to place. They can sense the emotions of those who grab their antennae while riding it.
These Pokemon train themselves by randomly hitting larger objects. When they are born, they immediately attempt to fight anyone that is near them.
There have been stories told of both Terrabull and Tufforse acting as guardians of a portal to the spirit world. The origins of said stories are still being researched. It attacks without mercy, charging towards anyone that enters its territory unannounced. Its horns and hooves can shatter diamonds.
Their kicks are powerful enough to demolish a dump truck in seconds. They train their leg muscles by sparring with Terrabull. For some odd reason, it gets along with Ghost-types extremely easily, and can even stop them from causing mischief.
Their small wings barely offer them the ability to fly. Groups of them enjoy going around poisoning things.
Their legs are extremely toxic and just one touch can make someone extremely sick. When they flap their wings, they spread toxic particles.
They eat thorny plants, as well as knives and forks. The spikes that grow on their backs are made of a combination of keratin, steel, and leaves.
They have the ability to make their leaves spiky and smooth based on its mood. They can launch bony spikes from holes in their legs without pain or difficulty.
They fold their arms and build up heat and gas in their bodies before blasting their spikes in all directions. By imitating a tree, this Pokemon is able to ambush prey and mutilate them with ease.
These Pokemon have a natural desire to eat flesh. They mainly hunt for Scrawnude in order to devour them.
These Pokemon will go as far as to eat their trainer's skin to ease their hunger. Scrawnude and Nuderma are its main prey.
Their skin has a high elasticity, allowing them to stretch their skin endlessly without pain. They create burrows near ponds to keep themselves hydrated.
These Pokemon are very disturbing and strange looking, as they always love stretching their skin while giving a blank look of happiness. They fight off Dermeat daily.
They love to fight and will look for any reason to do so. The practice numerous fighting styles in order to do more damage.
They move quickly and land devastating blows to their opponents, often with enough force to keep the Pokemon knocked out for hours. They come up with their own strategies and fighting styles for battles, often ignoring their trainers' directions.
Dinameau are hardly ever seen, as they spend majority of their lives underground. They whip up huge sandstorms by shaking their feathers.
They spray water at different pressures based on their mood. They have extremely high precision, being able to strike a target over 50 yards away.
Using its cannon-like body, it launches itself towards its enemies. Arroe is formed when three Shoom work together to form a larger body; when they are launched from the new body, they become Shoom once more.
Fisherman absolutely despise these Pokemon because they clip their fishing lines and nets, releasing the Pokemon they were wanting to catch. Using their sharp claws, they can snip through any material.
Olmectric generate electricity in their bodies by swallowing large amounts of saltwater and spinning quickly. Alone, they are not able to produce enough electricity to cause actual damage, but in a large group, they have enough power to split a tree in half.
These Pokemon live in lakeside areas and wait for thunderstorms to come by. The red orb on their tails blink when a dangerous thunderstorm is about to occur.
They fire high pressure streams of water of of their mouths and claws by absorbing water through their absorbent legs. They are almost always seen with a Baygo, as they act as lookouts for them.
Their eyes are able to glow in the dark, allowing it to carefully watch its surroundings to avoid potential predators. They are often seen living alongside Blashrimp, acting as lookouts for them in exchange for shelter.
When threatened, they let out ear-splitting shrieks that will drive away any opponents. Their stomachs can amplify their screeches.
By clenching their fists tightly, they amplify their screeches and howls. They are able to burst over 60 windows with one howl.
They travel on land using their arms as opposed to their feet. They are able to spit out webs from their mouths and trap prey with ease.
Using their four large arms, they bash and destroy anything in their path. Their red eyes can strike fear into their prey.
By drinking large amounts of water, it can muster enough energy to spray from its mouth and tail simultaneously. When dehydrated, their coat turns a pale-greenish color.
Using their tails, they can adjust the pressure of their water sprays. To show affection, they coil their tails around each other and spray water simultaneously.
Their tails are able to spray water from all six of their ends. They envelop themselves in water and charge towards their enemies when furious.
They usually stay in trees until they're fully evolved. Their leafy tails can give off spores that put you to sleep.
They are very hostile Pokemon who travel in groups of 5 to 6 to find food. Their strong legs allow them to hop as high as 678 ft.
These Pokemon like entertaining large crowds with its tricks and antics. Their pranks often result in injury, but they simply laugh it off.
They absorb water into their claws to make them larger and deliver more powerful blows. They eat Absorage and use their remains to cushion themselves from attacks.
They are often mistaken for normal pebbles and rocks. They burrow into the ground to avoid being stepped on.
They create rocky, layered armor from metamorphic rock that they find. Their blood is full of heavy minerals, making them very sluggish.
They are heavy and strong enough to smash through bedrock. They are often hunted down in order to collect their rare droppings.
These Pokemon hide themselves in toxic coral branches in order to protect themselves from enemies. Unusually, they are able to survive underwater, yet they are weak against it.
Their entire bodies are covered in small toxic scales, so anything that touches it will automatically be poisoned. These Pokemon lie dormant near coral reefs, blending in with their surroundings in order to attack unsuspecting prey.
These Pokemon are often found in swamps sleeping on lilypads. They only move by hopping, as their back legs are unable to be used.
The electrical discharge they give off can restore life to almost any being. They embed themselves in the walls and ceilings of caves to sleep and give off bright lights that illuminate the whole cave.
They can discharge over 100,000 kilowatts of electricity. They are able to revive thousands of deceased individuals at one time using their electricity.
These Pokemon's fingers and toes are covered in small toxic spikes. They move very slowly, but make up for it with great accuracy and strength.
These Pokemon spray a toxic fluid from its palms when agitated. They are slow, but tactical hunters, waiting until prey is close before poisoning it with one bite.
Looking into these Pokemon's eyes causes despair. These Pokemon are extremely arrogant and depressing, causing anger in other Pokemon immediately.
Their bodies can resist even the highest degrees of heat. They eat nuts and bolts for nourishment.
Using their suction-cupped fingers, they stick to walls and ceilings with ease. The spots on its body generate intense heat.
With their third eye, they are able to control the weather in order to fit their needs. They sleep for twelve hours a day; this prolonged sleeping period is said to help boost their Psychic abilities.
A Pokemon that can bend the minds of others with the slightest gesture, they look for more ways to get powerful. Their third eye is a very weak point on their bodies, as it supplies them with majority of their power.
The orb in their tails are the source of their power. If they lose their orbs, they grow very weak and depressed.
Orbrillia will protect the powerful orb in its furry tail with its life; if it loses it, it grows extremely weak. The orbs in their tails seem to have some sort of correlation to Baneffus.
It supposedly stated that these Pokemon's flames are actually the souls of the departed... With its one eye, it is able to see directly through you and know what you are thinking instantly.
By staring into its flames, you are able to see the faces of those whose souls have been burned by them. They are able to see right through you and envelop you in flames immediately.
It is said to be the ancestor of all dragon-types. They never understood their power, so they fought with small sticks and rocks.
The ancestor of all Dragon-types, they were proud of their immense power. They would often devour the weaker ones among them as a way to convince others to get stronger.
These Pokemon eat all day every day, not stopping until they are full. They will eat absolutely anything given to them.
The two heads are always arguing with each other, as they are aggressive when it comes to food. At night, they take turns sleeping, as one will always act as a lookout.
When they run out of food, they devour any and everything that they find, excluding living beings. The head in the center acts as the leader over the other two, commanding them to do things telepathically.
Its body is as hard as steel. These quick tempered Pokemon are always ready to fight someone, but their lack of arms and small legs make it seem less threatening than it is.
They are always seen inside of honey-covered plants. Their extremely small bodies are durable enough to withstand an explosion.
They spit out soot in order to temporarily blind their opponents, giving them time to escape. They stay near volcanoes and come out during thunderstorms to absorb the electricity.
The smoke around its neck can combust, allowing it to create devastating fires. They produce electricity that can causes whatever it hits to melt.
The refraction of its glossy tail gives it its vivid colors. These Pokemon are free spirits, gliding wherever the wind takes them.
These Pokemon's tail feathers are very glossy and can refract light, allowing them to give off vivid colors. These Pokemon are able to fly without flapping their wings very often.
It is nicknamed "The Flying Rainbow" because of its beautiful colors. It is often mistaken for a legendary because of its large size and great power.
Discovered inside of a fallen meteor, these Pokemon are said to be from another planet. They embed themselves inside the wall of caves.
They use two icy rocks as arms in order to defend itself, as well as attack. Their bodies are 86 percent cold air, so its head is its only weak point.
It is important that those who ride these Pokemon wear gloves, or else they will immediately get frostbite by touching their horns. These Pokemon have no problem letting others ride on its back, but only as long as they have the right gear.
Always wear at least three pairs gloves when riding these Pokemon, as holding onto their horns will cause immediate frostbite. It eats frozen grass and mushrooms to help its body stay healthy; if it eats warm food, it gets sick.
They are able to enter the bodies of other Pokemon or humans in order to give them plentiful energy. They are able to produce energy in a variety of ways and expel it in a grand fashion.
They unleash small smoke clouds from their wings to hide themselves. These Pokemon are often the causes of fires around farms.
It appears during times of trouble to absorb the fear and anxiety in the air. The more pain and suffering it causes, the brighter its flames glow.
With its fiery wings, it incinerates whatever it grabs onto before devouring the ashes. They have been known to torch hospitals, hoping to absorb the spirits of those who possibly lose their lives.
Using a special organ inside of its body, it is able to both absorb and produce water, converting it into powerful energy. It lies dormant behind an ancient waterfall, storing its power in its shell.
With its large shell, it can generate enough electricity to supply power to the entire region. It is said to reside near abandoned power plants.
It soars high above the clouds, often being mistaken as a blimp. This allows it to store its energy in peace. It can produce intense winds that it can then use to generate a vast amount of energy.
Said to have been created by corrupt scientists, its main function was to pollute all of Zycar so that they could be paid to create a solution. The fluid that it releases is extremely corrosive and can melt an entire skyscraper within minutes.
If it finds abandoned eggs or young Pokemon, it raises them with a firm hand and puts them through intense training so that they are able to eventually take care of themselves. It is said that it once had an extremely close relationship with Serynese, but clashing views pit them against each other.
According to legend, Serynese finds and takes care of abandoned Pokemon eggs, raising the young Pokémon until they are ready to live on their own. Very tender and sweet, it raises Pokemon with kindness and affection.
By heating the air around it, it can cause intense heat waves that can last for years. Said to have pulled the sun into its current position, its flames can reach temperatures of up to 200,000 degrees F.
Whipping its mane, it cools the air around it and causes blizzards that can last for years; it produces cold air that is -200,000 degrees F. According to some legends, it is said to be Solenton's partner; in others, they are seen as opposing siblings.
It is credited with the formation of mountains and various other landforms. There is a legend that states that some of the smaller mountains in Zycar are simply sleeping Mounterra.
Legends speak of it having the ability to help deaf people hear once again. It is able to produce any number of sounds with the help of its horns.
It is speculated that this Pokemon is the reason that electricity is commonly used around the world. Its body is mostly made of a highly conductive metal, allowing it to absorb and distribute electricity with ease.
