Their tails grow small berries on occasion when they are very happy. Their large ears help it get around, as their eyes are not very helpful.
The berries on their tails can grow to be 10 lbs. each, occasionally weighing them when in flight. They are very confident and honorable Pokemon who like making their trainers proud.
By letting out a special shriek, it can help with the growth of plants. They are very territorial and will immediately attack each other if together for too long.
They love to eat embers and charcoal. Their tough shells can help it repel water and rocks, keeping its soft body safe.
Their shells act as lanterns as they glow in the dark. Almost anything that they touch melts instantly.
They withdraw into their shells to sleep, but they let out a very bright light as they do so. Their bodies are extremely hot and can melt flesh from the bones of humans if they make contact.
Using their snouts, they are able to spray water at a very high accuracy. They are very calm and relaxed Pokemon who take pleasure in laying on the edge of bodies of water.
Their large arms are filled with air, allowing them to float through water. Their feet allow them to grip onto any surface, giving them room to attack from any location.
By filling their arms will air or water and locking their palms, they can inflate them to large proportions. They are able to float in water will ease because of the holes in the arms and legs.
Birden keep a shabby and unappealing look in order to make others feel bad for it. If one gets close enough, they will immediately knock them out using their wings, allowing them to take any valuables the victim had on them.
They sometimes keep hostages and take everything that they have from them. Their disgusting and dirty appearance makes others want to avoid it, though it always gets closer as others pass it by.
These Pokemon love to sit on the tops of trees and watch thunderstorms. Their tails act as generators, and they are able to bounce on them in order to create electricity.
They like teasing other Pokemon with their charm and zapping them once they are close enough. They rotate their tails in order to generate electricity.
By spinning their tails, they can generate enough electricity to vaporize a helicopter. They are extremely fast Pokemon who can sometimes only be seen as blurs.
The sap produced by these Pokemon is extremely sticky. The sap they produce is able to stick two cars together and keep them together.
Their sap can be used as an industrial adhesive, being able to stick concrete together with ease. If one is not careful, he or she can end up getting stuck and unable to move.
These Pokemon are able to cook whatever they eat inside of their bodies, so they are able to eat almost anything without getting sick. Their iron bodies are unable to melt, no matter the temperature.
These Pokemon are often used by chefs to cook food in restaurants. The internal fire inside of their bodies can rise and lower depending on how their trainers treat them.
It generates electricity in its body thanks to an organ in its chest, but it is unable to release it. Lacking the energy and strength to fully unleash the electricity in their bodies, they are always seen with a gloomy expression.
The pent up electricity from when it was a Degloom has now been released, giving it confidence and energy. They are able to dish out 300 punches in under 3 seconds.
When these Pokemon bite, they cause people to hear at frequencies that they normally would not. They love eating earwax and will sometimes crawl to their trainers' ears to eat it.
These Pokemon can cause temporary to permanent deafness if one is bitten by one. They are very sneaky and move without making a sound, making it unknown if one is near you.
These Pokemon's tails are full of poison that can cause a feeling of intoxication. The small wings on their backs allow them to fly in short bursts.
They mainly target the necks of humans to inject them with poison. They have been seen grouping together at the tops of buildings, though no one seems to know why.
These Pokemon are able to glow in the dark thanks to a special coating covering their bodies. They always aim for the faces of humans and opponents when it comes to attacking.
Being headbutt by a Pawim can knock the wind out of you. They enjoy being held.  There are often stories told about how lucky they are. One person claims to have become wealthy after encountering a Pawim in the wild.
When it wraps its tail around your arm, it is sign that it completely trusts you. Even if their trainer treats them poorly, they will always give their best efforts.  They are said to bring good luck, so their fur is often used to create small charms.
Secresh are very quick-footed and will take any piece of technology or machinery that they find; it is unknown where they take the items that they steal. Their large ears allow them to hear things coming from 30 miles away, allowing them to vanish in order to remain hidden.
These Pokemon are said to have arisen from the bodies of deceased children. They follow travelers at night, slowly draining their energy until they collapse, allowing them to drag them into the shadow world.
Frishade follow travelers at night and rise from the ground once they are exhausted in order to spirit them away. Their red lights entrance humans and Pokemon that see them, leaving them vulnerable as their vitality is slowly drained.
They are mostly active in the afternoon, spreading their poisonous pollen to other plants. Inhaling the pollen emitted from this Pokémon may cause you to become extremely sick.
These graceful and beautiful Pokemon flow with the wind while releasing faint, toxic particles from their leaves. Contact with this Pokemon can cause the feeling of impending death.
These Pokemon fly around while spinning, zapping anything that it pleases. Their electricity is strong enough to power up a house for 30 years.
These Pokemon can travel through power lines, causing blackouts. By spinning on its tail at high speeds, it can overload any electrical device within a 100 foot radius.
These Pokemon can cause an entire state's appliances to malfunction and go haywire. They can create rotating thunderstorms that can damage homes and businesses without a problem.
Larvacius' bodies are full of a potent fluid; they are able to cause disorientation just by belching a bubble. They are extremely foolish and silly Pokemon who take pleasure in banging their heads against trees.
They mainly eat old leaves and sap from trees. Their bodies secrete a sweet slime as they move, making them irresistible to bird Pokemon.
These Pokemon's soft and colorful wings can mesmerize those who see them. They love to eat, and it is said that anything that they eat can add colors to their wings.
A mask possessed by the spirit of the wearer who died in a war, it is typically found in old museums. If one gets too close, these Pokemon may attach themselves to his or her face, the spirit going into the body of the new wearer.
It is a common belief that if a Necata turns its head completely around to face you, a bizarre disaster or accident will befall you. Being in possession of one of its feathers is said to keep malicious spirits away.
These Pokemon are rarely seen in the wild. They have mystical powers that allow them to aid in the growth of plants.
Rarely seen in the wild, these Pokemon have strange powers that allow them to protect flourishing fields. If spotted by humans, these Pokemon will immediately disappear.
It has the ability to revert to a liquid form and merge with any object. They use their long, sticky tongues to catch prey at a fast rate.
These Pokemon are said to ride on clouds. They fly in a graceful fashion and are extremely friendly towards other Flying-types.
Their hearts and brains are exceptionally large, causing them be very analytical and friendly. They are able to blow away entire buildings with one psychic wave.
They are able to both taste and smell with their antennae, giving them more power to those senses. There are little hooks all over their fur, allowing them to stick to any surface.
Their harsh skin make them suitable for mountainous areas. Their skin is hard enough to withstand a Focus Punch.
These Pokemon are able to boil water inside of their bodies and launch their claws at opponents. After they fire their claws, they act as heat seeking missiles, not stopping until they reach their target.
Boiling water in their bodies, they launch their claws, which act like heat-seeking missiles, towards their targets. Their claws also act as fangs, draining their targets of their fluids before coming back to them.
By staring at its glowing lights, this Pokemon can order you to do anything it wants. They are able to stick to any flat surface and effectively control anyone within a 10 mile radius.
Drakelp lie in wait, letting their leaf-like feelers sway to and fro order to lure smaller fish Pokemon toward it. They are hardly ever seen due to their great camouflage, sometimes leading people to believe that their population has decreased exponentially.
These Pokemon can swell to the size of a blimp by inhaling large amounts of water. The holes in its fins help its arms stay the same size as they grow.
They stroll across the ocean floor, sucking and eating anything they find. Their bodies are very soft, allowing them to squeeze into tight spaces.
Their soft bodies are able to absorb anything that it wants to eat. Using their feelers, they can feel the flow of ocean currents in order to find more food sources.
They absorb nutrients into their bodies without using their mouths. They have large mouths that are able to suck up anything within a 250 mile radius.
These Pokemon appear to be simple pebbles, but they are actually soft plants. They live in mountainous areas, pretending to be rocks as they absorb energy from other Rock-types.
These Pokemon embed their legs into the ground, giving them the appearance of a cave. Once unsuspecting Pokemon or human climb inside of its mouth, it keeps them inside for as long as they want; whether they are digested or not is up to them.
These Pokemon are great healers that only try to offer help to others. The stone on their tails can give off positive energy to those feeling glum.
These Pokemon are bad news, as they always attempt to lose and give off bad luck. The stone on their tails can give off negative energy to anyone.
They drill large holes in trees in order to use them as shelters. Their beaks are strong enough to drill through solid concrete.
They tend to incorporate loose metal into their shelters. The one with the longest and most scratched beak is seen as the leader of a flock.
Its stare can paralyze you, and while you are unable to move, it will steal your soul. The souls that erupt from its top can knock others out.
Because of its egg-like appearance, it is often mistaken for a snack. If multiple Feyolk link their vines together, they can ensnare any human or Pokemon for up to three days.
Their large branches are often used to trap unsuspecting people and Pokemon for their pleasure. Despite their friendly appearance, these Pokemon are very cruel, sometimes keeping humans captive for weeks at a time.
These Pokemon use their long, sharp legs to stab and drain those who get trapped in its tangles. You are advised to avoid these Pokemon at all costs, because there is a large chance that you may never be heard from again.
These Pokemon are extremely dangerous, as they are able to give you chicken pox as soon as contact is made. They never stop scratching their little bodies, leaving numerous scars and scratches.
One flap of these Pokemon's wings can infect an entire town with a virus. They never stop scratching themselves, making them vulnerable to attack, but it is so dangerous that no Pokemon dare to touch it, not even with long distance attacks.
Rashin's body holds a virus inside that causes the splotching of skin. Their always have the urge to scratch their skin, but their arms are too small to do anything.
They use their large arms to scratch their skin, but it only worsens their condition. Ingesting their skin flakes unknowingly can make you sick for a week.
These Pokemon often lie next to their trainers while they are asleep, as it is the only time they are able to feed. They use their trunks to place a drowsing spell on their enemies and devour their dreams.
Their white fur has numerous sensors that tell it where someone is sleeping. Their tusks turn pitch black when they are gorged with dreams.
They use their white fur to suffocate others in order to induce involuntary slumber for its feeding. The dreams that it eats gets turned into dark, psychic energy that is shown in its tusks.
Chubunny cram their mouths with food until they can no longer hold any and swallow it all in one gulp. Their stomachs are very stretchy and strong, being able to handle up to 300 lbs of food.
Its stomach acid is extremely powerful, allowing it to digest anything that it puts into its mouth. Their large bodies are very soft, but also heavy enough to crush a bus.
They absorb air into their wings in order to take flight. Their diet tends to consist of metal and ore.
Their wings can slice through a cave. Their wings can absorb any air, allowing it to hover around.
Their bodies are able to withstand missile strikes. They fly by using air flowing through the vents inside of their wings.
When sick, the light on its head dims and it turns pale. They are usually seen playing in the snow and slipping and falling onto each other due to their little legs.
The lights that it can emit from its eyebrows are seen as a spectacle to those who see them. They are able to create balls of electricity and freeze them before throwing them towards opponents, causing double the damage.
These Pokemon never forget what they see due to their excellent memories. When it sees something interesting, it will stand still and stare at the scene until it is over, often getting attacked in the process.
These Pokemon live in depths 60,000 feet below sea level. The soul inside of its body glows a bright blue color to help navigate through the dark depths of the sea.
These Pokemon's souls emit a bright light throughout their body. Blue light pillars that are often seen emerging from the sea; those pillars are caused by this Pokemon.
When it is feeling threatened, Palix changes into a bat-like form so it can have a quick escape. They drain humans, and occasionally other Pokemon, of their bodily fluids until they are full.
The numerous heads on its body each have their own personality and strength. By building up pressure in its body, it is able to blast itself high in the sky and keep flight until plummeting back to the ground.
Their bodies look very soft, but they are actually very rough. Their shells are able to withstand over 400 lbs of pressure.
As they walk, they leave behind a trail of sharp scales. Its tough shell can withstand multiple explosions.
Because their hands were unable to be used to the full potential, they relied on their tail feathers to grip objects. They went extinct over 20,000 years ago, but have slowly been reintroduced into the modern age thanks to advanced technology.
Their hands have now transformed into wings, but because it has become so accustomed to using its tail and legs, it hardly uses them. They are able to hang upside down for hours using their tails.
Back in these Pokemon's time period, they always got themselves into trouble. Their reckless natures are what scientists believe the cause of their extinction are.
Millions of years ago, it caused havoc, stealing other Pokemon's food supplies and destroying their homes just for the fun of it. They are not known to be truly malicious, but they enjoy causing trouble for their trainers and handlers nonetheless.
Often ignored and mocked because of their appearances, they link together to create large structures. Their bodies are so resilient that they can withstand an atomic explosion.

Kiwreck's strong beaks are powerful enough to snap bones. Their legs are extremely powerful, being able to topple trees with a single kick.
They train by jumping from high areas and landing on each others' stomachs. They are extremely competitive and will not stop fighting even if they have already lost.
The fur around their waists are an indicator of their skill level; the longer the fur, the stronger it is. Its enormous size makes it a force to be reckoned with; it could toss a Solidia over 100 meters away using one hand.
They fool unsuspecting prey into coming close and surprise them with their large jaws. Many people who find these Pokemon are scared to actually make contact, as they are very aggressive towards humans.
When their sticks break, they immediately find new ones. They fight harshly with their twigs until they break.
They practice their nun chuck techniques daily in order to strengthen themselves. They train with each other by taking blows from each other's nun chucks.
They handle their branches with extreme care. If their branches break, they become extremely aggressive and will fight even harder.
There was a case in which a person who encountered this Pokemon and grabbed one of its wings was never heard from again. It is able to speak telepathically, asking whether you like its red or blue wing more; the choice you make results in dire consequences.
They hide in the darkness of abandoned homes and buildings, waiting for men to arrive. Said to be the spirits of dead, lonely women, they stalk males at night, unnoticed.
They are said to be the spirits of widowed women who died alone. They hide in the darkness of homes and kidnap the males that reside there; they are never heard from again.
They are often so busy reacting to the fire on their heads that they lose nearly every battle they are put in. For some odd reason, Twirlu are scared of fire, so they are almost always seen running around frantically. This running is interpreted as dancing to some, due to their bouncy movements.
Luspin are very skilled with their flaming sticks, spinning them at such a fast rate that they create rings of fire and control them at will. Often seen alongside human performers, these Pokemon's unique combat techniques are often overlooked due to it being seen as a better entertainer.
Groups of them destroy and devour buildings. They bury themselves underground to escape chase.
The opening in its chest expels a thick dust that allows it to escape with ease. They use their tails and claws to slash their opponents.
Many of them are strong enough to collapse a skyscraper with one swing of their powerful tails. One roar is enough to paralyze even the strongest Pokémon in fear.
Its 'dress' is made from a paper-like substance, so it tears off pieces of it and hands it to humans that it wishes to teach. Hatching from the same egg as Geirite and Kagarite, the three of them act together to teach humans customs.
It helped humans understand the concept of science. It is a deep thinker and always appears to be deep in thought.
It introduced humans to the concept of artistry and different mediums. It is said to be the reason some people have more artistic capabilities than others.
Known as the emissary of fear and loathing, this Pokemon has terrified thousands in legend. Its wings are said to showcase one's greatest fear.
Known as the emissary of bravery and honor, this Pokemon has been glorified in numerous legends. Those who are approached by it are said to gain the courage and strength to overcome any obstacle
Said to be the embodiment of mental power, it has knowledge of every subject in the world. It is said to live and cogitate on the peaks of tall mountains, strengthening its mind.
Said to be the embodiment of physical strength, this Pokemon appears in numerous legends. By inhaling and trapping vast amounts of air, it is able to expand its muscles and increase its power tenfold.
Nobody knows where it originated from or why it behaves the way that it does; all that is known is that it is a kind and sympathetic Pokemon. There have been stories heard of it helping the poor and less-fortunate become very prosperous.
Its likeness is often used as a symbol of rebellion and revolt due to its supposed appearances during wars. It has been said that watching its movements causes one to become violent and unruly.
It is said to have been born from the Sun. It appears in areas where the view of the sunrise is the clearest.
It appears on cold nights when the moon is the brightest. It has been hypothesized that it was born inside of the moon.
It was first discovered in an old, abandoned mine centuries ago. Rumors have surfaced that it is the creator of the Pokemon world, though no one really knows the truth.
