This friendly Pokemon is very affectionate, always jumping onto those it calls friends. However, it does not realize that its spikes cause pain, causing trainers to avoid making it happy.
They retract into their bodies and roll into their opponents to knock them out. They always try their hardest to make friends and be friendly, but they always ends up unintentionally harming others.
No longer caring about making actual friends, its power has drastically increased, as well as its faithfulness to itself. If someone tries to be friendly towards them, they may accept, but on the inside it will not really sit in.
Inhaling smoke from its tail causes you to feel valuable and beautiful. It is rare, but you may see a newborn Duikin float slightly for five seconds before dropping softly.
The smoke that emanates from their tails and horns from the flames can soothe those who are feeling stressed or angry. It can engulf itself in flames and teleport from one place to another.
These Pokemon charge and gallop on air, releasing a sweet odor as their flames burn. They can turn into smoke and move freely to get into different areas that are sometimes restricted.
They will use their hand-like tails to help them do tasks, such as hunting, more efficiently. It is not really friendly towards humans and will not trust them until they prove their worth.
These Pokemon are extremely swift and creepy, as they may stalk you with their tail-hand bared. They can hang from different supports and watch others fluently to get an understanding of their pattern.
One glare from their eyes can paralyze an opponent, giving them time to do what they please. They are extremely observant and will watch you until it is ready to strike.
They usually live around areas with moist land around it. They use their feelers to sift through mud and dirt.
As it takes blood away, it actually fills it with toxins and disease before re-administering it. They fly around and silently land on the backs of other Pokemon in order to drain them of their blood.
These Pokemon love to play in snow and use their prehensile wings to throw snowballs at each other. They are able to see through snowstorms thanks to a special film covering their eyes.
Because of their huge weight gain, they can barely fly more than 30 ft without taking at least one break. They spend most of their time asleep in snowy nests.
With one whip of its tail, it can cover an entire city in snow. They can disappear into the snow and reappear within the blink of an eye.
When these Pokemon are angry, their spikes emerge from their backs and their bodies give off a musky odor. If it seems to trust you, their spikes will stay withdrawn unless you do something that scares it, accidentally or purposely.
The musky odor that they emit can peel the paint off a skyscraper. They are usually dormant, but if agitated, the spikes on their backs unsheathe and they begin chasing you.
These Pokemon are known to be proud collectors of coal, making them a miner's best bet for working fast. These Pokemon are hardly ever really seen in caves because of their body's color.
The diamonds that are embedded in its body are a result of it living compressed underground for years. They eat all of the coal and gems that they find around their homes.
Its body is so strong that it can crush a tank just by stepping on it. The diamonds on its body are sought after by jewel thieves, but it protects itself by throwing them out of their habitats.
They seem to always be sad or look like they are sad. They do not seem to do much of anything but float as they await evolution.
Said to be the spirits of overworked miners, these Pokemon keep themselves hidden in the darkness of caves. Looking into their glowing white eyes is said to cause nausea, which gives them the perfect time to strike.
These Pokemon stalk trainers who enter caves that they used to work in, blinding them. They creep behind those who enter its cave territory and take them deep into the cave, never to be seen again...
These Pokemon are highly mischievous, pulling tricks on those who encounter it. Most of the time, its pranks prove to be good, but when they backfire, it always gets caught in the cross-hairs.
These Pokemon are highly territorial and will not hesitate to clobber whatever comes into their territory. They always fight each other and judge their strengths.
These Pokemon can generate electricity by simply rubbing against something. Articles of clothing sometimes cling to this Pokemon's fur, making it feel uncomfortable.
If you find that one of your shoes is missing, there is a high chance that a Sneakimp has taken it. It usually takes a Sneakimp weeks to months to find a suitable home, as they are very picky.
Imboot typically reside in larger shoes, usually boots, and float around in them, often startling those around them. They are known to invite smaller Pokemon into their shoe homes; it dislikes Pokemon bigger than itself.
These Pokemon can only fly in short bursts, as their ear-like wings are underdeveloped. Their feathery tails help them steer around when in the air.
Seeing a group of Aerihog flying is said to give someone good luck, as they don't take flight that often. Their fur is known to be very similar to feathers.
Poissom's saliva has the capability to cure any poison damage. The irony in them is that their fur is very dusty and full of toxins, but their bite can dispel poison from the body!
Many scientists and doctors have lost their lives trying to extract the proteins from this Pokemon's body in order to make antidotes. Their fur is full of a toxic dust, that causes an uncontrollable rash; the only way to cure it is to use its saliva.
The rings around Ferring's neck and tail have a strange power, being able to stretch those parts of its body a considerable amount. Sometimes, it may launch the rings at its opponents as a defense mechanism, but it will always try to retrieve them quickly.
The rings around their bodies allow them to stretch to remarkable lengths in order to constrict or disorient their opponents. Selong's rings are priceless to them, so if it ever loses them, it loses the will to do anything.
Moneni are hardly ever seen outside of their pots, wanting to keep their treasures safe. They dislike when humans and larger Pokemon are around, as they are always worried that they will try to steal or eat their treasure.
Now evolved, they carry their pots around on their backs use them as weapons during battles. They sleep in shifts, taking turns watching over the treasures stored in their pots.
They raid towns and cities, stealing whatever treasures they can find and placing them into their pots; when their pots are full, they use them as weights to build up their strength. Strengold have an infatuation with the color green, so they often craft clothing for themselves out of green plants to boost their confidence.
These Pokemon are usually found in the beds of abandoned houses. Always asleep, they protect themselves with a combination of Counter and Mirror Coat.
These Pokemon are always sleeping as they hang from trees and ceilings in homes. Despite being asleep, they still attack, as they use Counter and Mirror Coat to protect themselves from predators.
They reside inside of homes and abandoned buildings, sleeping against the walls. It is able to support the weight of even a very large human and will still not wake from its slumber.
They have a very violent temper, destroying whatever they see fit when agitated. Despite their tails being able to destroy trucks in one punch, they mainly rely on their feet during combat.
Kingribel can walk on the surface of water to a desired location in order to fish with its tail. Their feathery tails have a hook-like bone that sticks out at the end, allowing them to lure fish Pokemon toward them for easy capture.
The berries that grow on its stem resemble eyes, causing many trainers and Pokemon alike to become very unnerved by them. The eye-like berries that grow from its head are toxic to humans, but are known to heighten the senses of Pokemon that ingest them.

They can use their arms to draw and create symbols and makings. Its ink is said to be extremely pure and rich, making it worth thousands of dollars.
They terrorize towns and villages, destroying every building or structure that they see. Using their claws, they slash efficiently and fluently, determined to cause major damage.
In ancient times, these Pokemon collected the viscera of deceased humans and Pokemon in order to use them for energy. It was thought to have come to life when a wretched spirit occupied a jar used during embalming.
These grim Pokemon used to steal the organs from people and Pokemon while they were sleeping. It is unknown how their species went extinct, but it thought that disease was a cause.
Gocha used to attach itself to other Pokemon and drain them of all of their energy. Its plant-like appearance fools those who encounter it, leaving them open to a swift attack.
In groups of twenty, Atacha used to sink their tentacles into the bodies of larger Pokemon, draining them of all of their fluids. Its species is said to have gone extinct due to larger Pokemon stomping on them unknowingly.
These Pokemon can use all of their arms to move across the ocean floor. Their appearance alone makes trainers and other Pokemon stay away from it, even though it is strong.
After these Pokemon are knocked out, they heal themselves immediately by changing form. These Pokemon are observed by scientists to see if their ability can be used to help humans.
They are usually found gathered in swamps and marshes, feeding off of the grime and dirt. Kwakky's lower feathers are hardly ever clean because of their environment's usual lack of clean water.
These Pokemon rely on the nutrients and usability of the dirt and soil around their swamp environments for survival. Dukwee are known to defend themselves, as well as Kwakky, from predators and attackers using mud and sticks.
They are often owned by rich families, being used as caretakers for small children. It is said that if you manage to catch one, you will prosper.
Wilthy take pleasure in tripping humans that walk by it unknowingly. Their leaves are very strong and are unable to be torn or cut.
When threatened, they release flames from the spike on their backsides. Their insides are completely made of lava.
Anything that they eat gets turned into energy for their flames. They blast 3,000 degree flamethrowers from their backsides.
By sticking pins in its head, it causes extreme pain to those within a 10 mile radius of it. The dark, disembodied soul that resides inside of its body always watches, making opponents wary and uneasy.
They are said to steal and torture the souls of humans who find them. Once it is locked onto a victim, it will continue to puncture itself repeatedly, giving the victim excruciating pain.
It is said that the bones that they gnaw on are remains of those who are sent to the underworld. These Pokemon are very deceptive, as they pretend to play with small children before taking them away forever.
Using the bones of its previous victims, it creates various portals to the underworld for those who live terrible lives. These Pokemon are sadistic, taking pleasure in the misery of their soon-to-be-victims as they realize what is about to happen.
They can change the color of any object that they please using the emblem around its neck. Its bodily fluids are very thick and are often used to create paint.
They aren't particularly fond of Monochrow and Crowme. It has the unique ability to make itself appear invisible by changing the color of its scales to match its environment.
Their constant diet of stones help them digest food easier. They have the ability to upchuck stones at will, firing them at opponents.
They eat a number of stones all at once before they go after large prey. Their spikes absorb heat into their bodies, which they then use to fire rocks from their maws like cannonballs.
Their hunger is almost never satisfied, so they will look around wildly for items to eat, whether they're edible or inedible. They sometimes stay in caves, but for an odd reason, you may see them living on the tops of buildings.
These Pokemon will eat whatever they can in order to stay energized. They will not hesitate to resort to their trainers for food, but there has never been an account of it happening.
They reside on the sea floor, eating plankton and kelp to keep their insides and outsides squishy and moist. Their squishy little bodies can withstand even a nuclear blast.
They move very slowly and interact by touching each other with their horns. Oozeal's mustache-like growth acts as a vacuum, sucking in small organisms from the seafloor.
Its horn-like arms help amplify its cry, making it suitable for watching over banks and jewelry shops. It was discovered in an old workshop where alarm clocks and traps were produced.
The horn on its bill can interfere with radio transmissions and short out generators. They're unable to see very well, so they rely on electric stimuli to get around.
The organ on its chest stores poison that courses through its body. Their claws have a paralyzing agent that not only poisons their target, but immobilizes them as well.
Getting shocked by one of these Pokemon can cause short term memory loss, a lack of awareness, and a loss of consciousness. They are known to be innovative if they see someone with a problem.
These Pokemon were discovered in an old abandoned laboratory, exhibiting strange behaviors similar to that of scientists. A common rumor is that these Pokemon are actually scientists that were accidentally mutated in an experiment gone awry.
It is thought to be one of the smartest Pokemon in existence, though the claim is heavily disputed. They are known to only eat spicy berries.
These Pokemon thrive by drinking and licking the dirt from the toilets, walls, and sinks in bathrooms. It does not appear before humans, but if a human does see it, it immediately vanishes out of embarrassment.
Its head is able to be detached from its body at any time, allowing it to travel faster. It has been said that it constricts those who dare to enter its territory without something of value.
They crawl into power plants and feed on the electricity. If they are out of energy, their fur turns a pale gray.
They drain power plants of their energy, causing major blackouts. They hunt in groups of 2-4 in order to catch their prey.
Spitder reside in caves and in some houses, defending themselves by spitting venom. They move fairly quick, making it hard to catch them.
They spray venom at anything that encroaches on its territory. The sac on its chest holds a toxic venom that can dissolve almost anything.
They use their long, hot tongues to extract bugs from trees and holes in the ground. You may sometimes see them sneaking into Sticute dens in order to steal their honey.
Its drool is partially composed of magma, giving it the ability to eat nearly anything. One must be wary when in a Voraciun's territory, as one bite from them can result in severe burns.
They are said to be the cause of massive earthquakes that plague the Marva Region. Whalit typically reside in volcanos, causing eruptions by constantly breaching.
Only its outline may be seen at times, as it moves quickly to evade sight. Touching the end of its tail causes memory loss.
This Pokemon leaves a trail of blazing footprints wherever it goes, leaving a shock for those who find them. It is said to have helped in the of the concept of understanding and learning by using the sound of its muzzle and tail's swipes.
Its discarded spikes are often used in acupuncture in order to break language barriers for those who wish to learn more. It launches its spikes when it grows irritated.
If faced with an opponent larger than itself, it will cower in fear and rush back to their trainer. These Pokemon have bad nerves and get scared very easily.
It will always take on opponents that are much stronger than itself in order to prove its worth. They often push themselves over the limit, making them more susceptible to stress-related illnesses.
Their pure green eyes strike fear in even the toughest opponent. It would rather risk its life than let anything bad  happen to its trainer or weaker Pokemon.
It worked alongside Enalidire as they ravaged and nearly destroyed the environment of Marva centuries ago. Using its claws and tail, it drained all of the forests of Marva of their nutrients, fueling its power .
The dirt and sand that it creates can reduce trees to their stumps immediately. They devour anything and everything that it sees fit in order to make the world suffer, little by little.
The water that it distributes from its body is full of so many nutrients that a single drop can help an entire forest grow. It was seen as a healer across the Marva Region after it helped restore the region back to its flourishing state after Enalidire And Kishikae almost destroyed it.
If released, it is said to anchor and restrain anyone that it sees fit for revenge. Because its dark power was far too grotesque and malicious, it was bound to an iron ball shrouded in a mysterious energy, restraining its pure power.
They are said to appear in times of great prosperity and victory in order to celebrate. There are organs inside of its body can glow different colors, giving the effect of a strobe light.
